Feature/new demo site (#1046)
daneden/animate.css: docs/pages/01-usage.md

  />
</head>
```

### Basic usage

After installing Animate.css, add the class `animate__animated` to an element, along with any of the [animation names](#attention_seekers) (don't forget the `animate__` prefix!):

```html
<h1 class="animate__animated animate__bounce">An animated element</h1>
```

That's it! You've got a CSS animated element. Super!

> Animations can improve the UX of an interface, but keep in mind that they can also get in the way of your users! Please read the [best practices](#best-practices) and [caveats](#caveats) sections to bring your web-things to life in the best way possible.

#### Using `@keyframes`

Even though the library provides you a few helper classes like the `animated` class to get you up running quickly, you can use the provided animations `keyframes` directly. This provides a flexible way to use Animate.css with your current projects without having to refactor your HTML code.

Example:

```css
.my-element {
  display: inline-block;
  margin: 0 0.5rem;

  animation: bounce; /* referring directly to the animation's @keyframe declaration */
  animation-duration: 2s; /* don't forget to set a duration! */
}
```

> Be aware that some animations are dependent on the `animation-timing` property set on the animation's class. Changing, or not declaring it might harm the animation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be aware that some animations are dependent on the `animation-timing` property set on the animation's class. Changing or not declaring it might lead to unexpected results.
```

#### CSS Custom Properties (CSS Variables)

> Since version 4, animate.css makes use of custom properties (also known as CSS variables) to define the animations duration, delay, and iteractions. This makes Animate.css very flexible and customizable. Need to change an animation duration? Just set a new value to globally or locally.

Reviewer: Nit: we should be consistent in the casing of Animate.css’ name—I think we should consistently Title-case it, but am open to suggestions (for example, it may be confusing that the _library_ is called `Animate.css`, but the file is called `animate.css`)

Author: Nice catch! That one went through! I prefer to Title-case it. Even though the file is not capitalized, it's an old convention to not capitalize files anyway. 🤷‍♂️
